Example of property-based access control using temporal value (#1887)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/authentication-authorization/property-based-access-control.adoc

[source, syntax, role="noheader"]
----
DENY READ {*} ON GRAPH * FOR (n) WHERE NOT n.classification IN ['UNCLASSIFIED', 'PUBLIC'] TO regularUsers
----

.Granting permission to `READ` all properties on nodes where the property `createdAt` is later than current date to role `regularUsers`:
[source, syntax, role="noheader"]
----
GRANT READ {*} ON GRAPH * FOR (n) WHERE n.createdAt > date() TO regularUsers
----
[NOTE]
====

> The `date()` function will be evaluated and the value used to evaluate the privilege will be the date at the time the property-based privilege was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `date()` function will be evaluated and the value used to evaluate the privilege will be the date at the time the property-based privilege was created. Bear this in mind when designing your property rules and make use of the `SHOW PRIVILEGES AS COMMANDS` command to check the stored value as it was evaluated. This is essential when revoking property-based privileges containing evaluated function values. 
```

> The `date()` function will be evaluated and the value used to evaluate the privilege will be the date at the time the property-based privilege was created. Bear this in mind when designing your property rules and make use of the `SHOW PRIVILEGES AS COMMANDS` command to check what the stored value is. This is essential when revoking property-based privileges containing evaluated function values like `date()`.

Reviewer 2: How about this wording:
```suggestion
The `date()` function is evaluated, and the value used to evaluate the privilege is the date when the property-based privilege is created. 
Keep this in mind when designing your property rules, and use the `SHOW PRIVILEGES AS COMMANDS` command to check the stored value.
This is essential when revoking property-based privileges containing evaluated function values like `date()`.
```

[source, syntax, role="noheader"]
----
DENY READ {*} ON GRAPH * FOR (n) WHERE NOT n.classification IN ['UNCLASSIFIED', 'PUBLIC'] TO regularUsers
----

> .Granting permission to `READ` all properties on nodes where the property `createdAt` is later than current date to role `regularUsers`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Granting permission to `READ` all properties on nodes where the property `createdAt` is later than the current date to role `regularUsers`:
```

[source, syntax, role="noheader"]
----
GRANT READ {*} ON GRAPH * FOR (n) WHERE n.createdAt > date() TO regularUsers
----
[NOTE]
====
The `date()` function is evaluated, and the value used to evaluate the privilege is the date when the property-based privilege is created. 
Keep this in mind when designing your property rules, and use the `SHOW PRIVILEGES AS COMMANDS` command to check the stored value.
This is essential when revoking property-based privileges containing evaluated function values like `date()`.
====
[NOTE]
====
Not all temporal values are comparable, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/{page-version}/syntax/operators/#cypher-ordering[Cypher Manual -> Syntax -> Operators -> Ordering and comparison of values].
====

> .Show the privilege created by the command in the example above as a revoke command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Show the privilege created by the command in the previous example as a revoke command:
```

DENY READ {*} ON GRAPH * FOR (n) WHERE NOT n.classification IN ['UNCLASSIFIED', 'PUBLIC'] TO regularUsers
----

.Granting permission to `READ` all properties on nodes where the property `createdAt` is later than the current date to role `regularUsers`:
[source, syntax, role="noheader"]
----
GRANT READ {*} ON GRAPH * FOR (n) WHERE n.createdAt > date() TO regularUsers
----
[NOTE]
====
The `date()` function is evaluated, and the value used to evaluate the privilege is the date when the property-based privilege is created. 
Keep this in mind when designing your property rules, and use the `SHOW PRIVILEGES AS COMMANDS` command to check the stored value.
This is essential when revoking property-based privileges containing evaluated function values like `date()`.
====
[NOTE]
====
Not all temporal values are comparable, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/{page-version}/syntax/operators/#cypher-ordering[Cypher Manual -> Syntax -> Operators -> Ordering and comparison of values].
====

.Show the privilege created by the command in the previous example as a revoke command:
[source, syntax, role="noheader"]
----

> SHOW ROLE regularUsers PRIVILEGES AS REVOKE COMMANDS

Author: yes, I did want to show the explicit case and not everything that was granted to the role
